{"primary": {"thesis": "My working picture as of mid-2026 is that the top models on the text arena score roughly 1490-1520, with Gemini and Claude flagship models at the top. OpenAI's recent GPT flagships have tended to debut near the frontier but slightly below the best Google model. The rules count whichever GPT-named OpenAI model reaches the leaderboard first, and I expect it to be a GPT-5.x-class flagship or a 'high'-reasoning variant. That kind of model should clear 1450 comfortably. It is unlikely to jump to 1520 or above on day one, because new entries usually settle near the current top rather than far past it, and a 1520+ debut would need a clear lead over the field. The trade is a wide middle band: YES on the low rung and NO on the top two rungs.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "YES", "reason": "A GPT-branded frontier model released in the second half of 2026 should debut above 1450. That is below where OpenAI flagships were already scoring late in 2025 and in 2026, and when several GPT models appear on the same day the highest one counts."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "A debut at 1500 or above would mean OpenAI matching or beating the best Gemini and Claude scores. OpenAI's arena record has usually been a few points behind Google's flagship, so a debut below 1500 is the more likely case."}, {"contract": "C6", "side": "NO", "reason": "1520+ would need a clear jump over the entire frontier on the first day of ranking. That is rare, and the day-after-debut scoring snapshot leaves little time for votes to settle."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses at the low end or at the high end. Low end: the first GPT-named OpenAI model to be listed is a small or cheap variant, such as a new gpt-oss open-weight release, a gpt-5.x-mini or nano, or a chatgpt-latest refresh, and it scores below 1450. The other low-end loss is that no GPT-named model is added by December 31, which resolves every rung NO and sinks C1. High end: OpenAI releases a big step-change model (a GPT-6-class model) that debuts clearly first, at 1500 or higher. With style control off, a verbose, heavily formatted output style could push it higher still, past 1520.", "hedge_thesis": "The most likely way C1 fails is that OpenAI's next GPT-named entry is weak or never arrives. In those worlds OpenAI is no longer setting the frontier pace, and Google (Gemini) and Anthropic (Claude) hold the top of the leaderboard through the end of 2026. The mechanism is that the arena leaderboard ranks labs against each other: if OpenAI ships only a small or open-weight model, or nothing, the number-one slot and the year-end 'best model' titles go to Gemini or Claude. That strengthens instruments tied to Google or Anthropic topping the arena at year end. The opposite failure, a surprise 1520+ OpenAI debut, would push against those same instruments, so the hedge mainly covers the weak-or-no-release branch, which is the more likely one.", "search_terms": ["gemini", "google", "anthropic", "claude", "top ai model", "arena", "alphabet"], "recalls_outcome": false}