{"primary": {"thesis": "As of 2026-06-08, the question turns on the Paris Court of Appeal's ruling on Marine Le Pen's embezzlement conviction (the EU parliamentary assistants case). The appeal was heard in early 2026 and the decision is due around summer 2026. At first instance in March 2025 she was barred from standing for office, with the ban taking effect immediately. Two things are likely: the appeal upholds a ban that covers 2027, or the court leaves her with too little time before the deadline to run. RN has already said that if she cannot run, Jordan Bardella is the replacement. He is party president, leads the RN in the polls and has been prepared openly for the role. So I expect the first qualifying announcement, or failing that the official first-round list, to name Bardella alone. RN has only ever run one presidential candidate and has every reason to avoid splitting its vote, so 'Multiple Candidates' is structurally very unlikely.", "basket": [{"contract": "C2", "side": "YES", "reason": "Bardella is the declared fallback if Le Pen stays ineligible after the appeal. That ruling is the main path by which the event resolves."}, {"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "She needs the appeal court to overturn or narrow the ineligibility so that it does not cover April 2027. The first-instance judges chose to make the ban effective immediately, and appeal courts often confirm the core of such sentences."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "RN is a centralised party with a single candidate. A two-candidate announcement or two RN names on the Constitutional Council list would split its first-round vote, and no RN rule provides for it."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if the appeal court acquits Le Pen, drops the ineligibility penalty, or reduces it or removes its immediate effect so that it does not cover the 2027 vote. Le Pen would then be announced as RN's candidate, with Bardella as her campaign chief or intended prime minister, and C2 YES and C1 NO would both lose. A later, smaller route to failure: a Cour de cassation ruling or a European Court of Human Rights intervention in time for the candidate list restores her eligibility after RN has held back its announcement.", "hedge_thesis": "The world where Le Pen wins her appeal and becomes the candidate is one where France's political-risk premium rises. Bardella has spent 2025-26 courting employers and softening RN's economic programme. Le Pen is linked to the older, more interventionist platform (earlier retirement, price controls, confrontation with Brussels over the budget), and her reinstatement by the courts would inflame claims that judges are politicised. Markets would likely read her candidacy as a less predictable fiscal path. The mechanism is higher odds of a fiscally expansionary, EU-sceptic president at a time of large deficits and a fragile parliament. That would widen the spread between French 10-year government bonds (OAT) and German Bunds, weaken French bank stocks, which hold large amounts of sovereign debt, and push the CAC 40 below other eurozone indices.", "search_terms": ["oat", "bund", "france spread", "bnp paribas", "societe generale", "cac 40", "france deficit"], "recalls_outcome": false}