{"primary": {"thesis": "Johannesburg will again produce a hung council on November 4, 2026. No party will come close to 50%: the ANC has been falling from about 33% in 2021, and the DA is running its strongest-profile candidate yet. The council then elects the mayor through coalition bargaining. The DA has formally named Helen Zille as its Johannesburg mayoral candidate. Its national campaign is built around winning the metros and ending the unstable ANC/EFF/PA/small-party arrangements that produced a run of short-lived mayors (Mashaba, Mpho Phalatse, Gwamanda, Kunene as acting mayor, Morero). The mechanism is that the DA becomes the largest or near-largest bloc. The GNU relationship at national level then makes it harder for the ANC to openly back an EFF/MK-led anti-DA front in the economic hub. Parties that dislike the ANC (ActionSA, IFP, FF+, ACDP, smaller ones) are pushed toward backing the DA's named candidate in the council vote. The lower-profile names are unlikely under any realistic coalition. Mashaba's ActionSA is expected to shrink and is more likely to be a kingmaker than to take the mayoralty. Kunene's Patriotic Alliance has only a few seats, and his acting stint came before the election, so it does not count. Chikane is a civil-society figure without a party machine.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "YES", "reason": "Zille is the DA's declared candidate. A DA-plus-minor-parties coalition, or DA-ANC local cooperation that mirrors the GNU, would elect her in council."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "ActionSA's vote share is expected to fall. Mashaba can only become mayor through a kingmaker deal, and the DA and ANC both have reasons to refuse one after the 2019-2022 experience."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "The PA is a small council party. Kunene's earlier acting mayoralty is excluded by the rules, and the larger blocs are unlikely to give the post to a minor partner again after the election."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "Chikane has no party vehicle with enough seats. A civil-society or compromise figure would need an unusual grand bargain that the parties have shown no sign of making."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The ANC stays the largest party, or the DA falls short of the vote shares it projected. The ANC then puts together a 'progressive' coalition with the EFF, PA, MK and small parties, or ActionSA sides with the ANC, and the council elects an ANC candidate: Morero, Masuku, Makhura or a new name. Zille is then shut out, and the Mashaba/Kunene NO legs do not make up for the loss on the YES leg. A second route to failure is that the result or the council vote drags on, or the election is postponed, so that no mayor is elected by June 30, 2027 and the market resolves to 'Other'. A third is that the DA swaps its candidate for someone else as part of a coalition trade.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Zille fails are the worlds where the ANC turns toward the EFF/MK left at local level to keep the metros. That shows the GNU partnership with the DA fraying, and it raises the chances of a national realignment ahead of the ANC's December 2027 elective conference. Investors read ANC-EFF cooperation in Johannesburg as a sign of policy risk: land expropriation, pressure on SOE bailouts, and weaker fiscal consolidation. South African assets would then reprice. The rand would weaken against the dollar, local-currency government bond yields and CDS spreads would widen, and JSE-listed domestic banks and financials would underperform. The link runs through markets reading the Johannesburg coalition as an early test of whether the GNU holds. A DA win supports the 'reform coalition holds' story, and an ANC-EFF win undermines it.", "search_terms": ["rand", "zar", "south africa bonds", "jse", "anc", "eff", "gnu", "south africa cds"], "recalls_outcome": false}