{"primary": {"thesis": "As of 2026-04-30, GRVT (a hybrid perp DEX built on ZKsync) is still running a points/rewards program and has not announced a firm TGE date. The rules set a high bar: the token must be publicly transferable and tradable, and an announcement alone does not count. Once a team announces, the usual sequence of snapshot, airdrop checker, claim window, and exchange listings takes weeks. The perp-DEX token field is also crowded (Hyperliquid, Aster, Lighter and others), which pushes teams to wait for a favourable market window and to lengthen points seasons to hold on to volume. Launches of this kind tend to slip rather than come early. My thesis is that no GRVT token is tradable by mid-2026, and probably not by the end of Q3 either. I take no position on the December rung, where a launch late in the year is plausible.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "Two months is too short to go from no announced TGE to a token that is live and tradable. Announcing, taking a snapshot, running a claim and securing listings all take time, and an announcement alone does not count."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Points programs usually get extended for another season, and teams wait for a strong market. That makes a slip past Q3 2026 more likely than an early launch. This leg still has room for error, because five months does leave time for a launch."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if GRVT decides to launch while perp-DEX tokens are in favour. For example, altcoins rally strongly in May to August 2026, competitors' tokens re-rate, and GRVT fears losing users to rivals' airdrop farming. It then announces a TGE, takes the snapshot quickly, and lists on major CEXs and its own venue by June or September. The C2 leg alone fails if the launch lands in July to September. That could happen with a Season 2 that ends in early summer followed by a quick token claim, possibly backed by a ZKsync ecosystem push or a Binance Alpha/launchpool slot.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where GRVT launches early are the ones where the crypto market, and perp-DEX tokens in particular, are strong enough to open a TGE window. The hedge is therefore a bet that crypto risk appetite goes up in mid-2026: altcoins and perp-DEX governance tokens (Hyperliquid's HYPE, Aster, Lighter) re-rate upward, and exchanges list new tokens actively. The link is that teams time token launches for high valuations and deep liquidity. If the market is risk-on, the airdrop has a higher dollar value and exchanges are keen to list, so the chance that GRVT pulls its TGE forward rises. The same conditions would lift instruments on competing perp-DEX tokens, on ETH and the ZKsync ecosystem, and on the pace of new listings.", "search_terms": ["hyperliquid", "aster", "lighter", "zksync", "binance", "ethereum", "perp dex", "altcoin season"], "recalls_outcome": false}