{"primary": {"thesis": "As of late April 2026 Keir Starmer is PM with a very large Commons majority and no general election due until 2029. The only way to get a new PM in 2026 is for Labour to remove its own leader. That takes a formal challenge: a challenger needs nominations from 20% of Labour MPs, then there is a contest with a membership ballot that runs for months, and the King appoints only once a winner exists. Bad results in the May 2026 local, Scottish and Welsh elections will produce briefings and noise. But the likely successors are split (Streeting, Rayner, Mahmood, Miliband). Burnham is not an MP and was already kept out of a by-election route. Labour's rulebook and its instinct against a 'Tory-style' regicide make a completed handover by 31 Dec slower and less likely than the headlines suggest. Opposition figures (Farage, Badenoch, Davey, Lowe, Jenrick) can only become PM through a general election, which will not happen in 2026. So Starmer most likely stays PM through year-end and the market resolves to 'No Next PM in 2026'.", "basket": [{"contract": "C20", "side": "YES", "reason": "Starmer surviving to 31 Dec, or a contest still unfinished at year-end, resolves to this outcome. A caretaker PM does not count."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "Farage can only become PM after a general election. With Labour's majority and no reason for Labour to call early, none is plausible in 2026."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "Burnham would first need a Commons seat through a by-election, then leadership nominations, then a contest, all before year-end. The NEC has already blocked him once."}, {"contract": "C6", "side": "NO", "reason": "Badenoch is opposition leader. She has no route to No 10 without a general election."}]}, "failure_narrative": "Labour does badly in the May 2026 elections, losing heavily to Reform in English councils and in Wales and Scotland. Cabinet ministers or a big bloc of MPs then move against Starmer. Either a challenger (most likely Streeting, Rayner or Mahmood) quickly gets the 20% nomination threshold, or Starmer resigns under pressure and a fast-tracked contest or coronation finishes by autumn conference. The King appoints the successor well before 31 Dec, C20 goes to zero, and the basket loses on its main leg. The NO legs on Farage, Burnham and Badenoch would still mostly pay. The worst case inside that is Burnham getting a seat and winning, which would sink C5 NO as well.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Starmer falls in 2026 are worlds where Labour's centrist, fiscal-rule wing, tied to Starmer and Reeves, has lost control of the party. Any successor would have to win a membership ballot, and that pushes candidates toward more spending, looser fiscal rules and more borrowing: Burnham's 'not in hock to the bond markets', Rayner's soft-left pitch, pressure on Reeves's headroom. The UK sovereign debt market prices this directly. When a leadership crisis looks likely, gilt yields (especially 10y and 30y) rise and the curve steepens on higher term premium, sterling weakens against the dollar and euro, and domestically exposed UK equities (FTSE 250, housebuilders, banks) underperform. It may also delay Bank of England cuts. So a position in UK rates and FX that gains from rising gilt yields and a weaker pound tends to pay in exactly the worlds where the 'no new PM' basket loses, because the same political breakdown that removes Starmer is what reprices UK fiscal credibility.", "search_terms": ["gilts", "sterling", "bank of england", "uk 30-year yield", "ftse 250", "gbp/usd", "rachel reeves", "uk housebuilders"], "recalls_outcome": false}