{"primary": {"thesis": "By November 2026, Bank Rate will have been cut from its 2024-25 highs, through the quarterly pace of cuts seen in 2025, to somewhere near the MPC's estimate of neutral (roughly 3.25-3.75%). At that level the Committee is split. It is weighing UK services inflation and wage growth, which are sticky, against a labour market that is softening. With the rate near neutral, the burden of proof moves onto each further cut, so the November meeting (a Monetary Policy Report meeting, 5 Nov 2026) most likely ends in a hold. A hike is very unlikely with inflation falling and growth weak. A cut of 50bp or more would take an emergency-style shock, and the rules exclude emergency moves between meetings.", "basket": [{"contract": "C3", "side": "YES", "reason": "Core view: with Bank Rate near neutral and a divided MPC, the Committee pauses rather than keep cutting every quarter."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "Inflation is on a downward path and growth is sluggish. There is no plausible path to a hike within about five weeks."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "A hike of 50bp or more would take an inflation or currency crisis, and nothing like that is in view."}, {"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "The BoE's gradual, 'careful' guidance and its preference for 25bp steps make a 50bp or larger cut at a scheduled meeting very unlikely without a financial-stability shock."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses mainly if the MPC cuts 25bp in November. In that world UK CPI and services inflation fall faster than expected through Q3 2026. Unemployment keeps rising and private-sector pay growth drops toward about 3%. The November Monetary Policy Report projects inflation below target at the two-year horizon, and a majority votes to keep up the quarterly pace of cuts, because Bank Rate is still judged restrictive. A smaller risk is a sharp financial or growth shock, such as a global risk-off or a gilt-market dislocation, that triggers a 50bp cut. A hike (C4 or C5) would take an inflation shock caused by energy or sterling, which is very unlikely.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where the BoE cuts in November are mostly worlds of global disinflation and softer demand, not just a UK story. Energy prices are falling: lower Brent crude and European gas cut UK headline CPI and inflation expectations directly. Other major central banks are easing, with the Fed and the ECB cutting or signalling cuts, which takes away the BoE's worry about sterling weakness and imported inflation. Weak global growth also shows up in falling oil, lower sovereign yields (US Treasuries and Bunds rallying) and weaker cyclical assets. So a thesis of 'lower oil and energy prices plus Fed/ECB easing in Q4 2026' tends to come true in exactly the worlds where the UK hold view fails. The mechanism is that cheaper energy and synchronised global easing reduce UK inflation pressure and give the MPC room to keep cutting.", "search_terms": ["brent", "crude oil", "federal reserve", "ecb", "treasury yields", "natural gas", "bund"], "recalls_outcome": false}