{"primary": {"thesis": "The contracts only resolve YES if Anthropic ships a new Opus model and Arena lists it (without the AutoEval label) by Dec 31, 2026. Arena text scores inflate slowly, a few points per quarter at the top. The ladder's range of 1500-1520 suggests the current top of the no-style-control board is about 1500-1510. Claude models have usually looked weaker on the no-style-control view than on the style-controlled one, because Anthropic's plainer, shorter answers win fewer raw votes than competitors' longer, heavily formatted ones. A new Opus usually debuts near the top, but it rarely jumps 10-20 points past the current leader on this view. My thesis is that the next Opus, if it arrives, lands around the current frontier (roughly 1495-1512) rather than far above it. There is also a real chance that no Opus appears by the deadline, given release cadence. That pushes the high rungs toward NO.", "basket": [{"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "A 1520+ debut needs Opus to clear the likely no-style-control frontier by a wide margin. That rung also loses (pays NO) if no Opus is listed by Dec 31."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "The same logic at 1515: this would need a clear #1 debut by a margin Claude has not usually had with style control off. The no-release path also pays NO."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "1510 is at or above where I place the current frontier. A Claude debut on the unstyled board landing below that is the central case."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if Anthropic releases a new Opus (for example 5.5 or 6, or a thinking variant) before year end that is a big generational jump. Arena would have to list it quickly without AutoEval, and it would have to beat competitors on raw preference with style control off, landing at 1510-1520+ the day after it first appears. The most likely routes are Anthropic tuning the model for chat-style preference (longer, more formatted answers), or overall leaderboard inflation from a new Gemini or GPT generation lifting every score before the Opus debut. Either would put a first-day score of 1515+ within reach.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Opus debuts at 1515+ are worlds where Anthropic has made a clear frontier jump and its models are winning broad consumer preference, not just coding and enterprise work. The same mechanism would show up in capital markets and competitors. Anthropic's private valuation and fundraising or IPO talk would rise. The value of its big strategic backers' stakes (Amazon, Google) and of their cloud compute deals would rise, and demand for accelerator compute (Nvidia, TPU capacity) would increase. Meanwhile, markets on OpenAI or Google 'having the top model' or keeping #1 on Arena at year end would tend to resolve against those labs. So instruments tied to Anthropic's valuation or IPO, or to OpenAI and Google losing the top leaderboard spot, pay off exactly when my primary thesis fails.", "search_terms": ["anthropic", "openai", "gemini", "amazon", "nvidia", "ipo", "valuation", "top ai model"], "recalls_outcome": false}