{"primary": {"thesis": "Anthropic has shipped Opus-tier models on a steady cadence: a flagship refresh roughly every 2 to 4 months, usually with a public API, claude.ai and cloud-partner launch on the same day. It also tends to release point versions (x.1, x.5) instead of holding back for major versions. The rules name 'Opus 5.1 / Opus 5.5 / Opus 6' as examples, which suggests the current Opus is a 5-series model that shipped in the first half of 2026. On that cadence the next Opus falls somewhere between late September and December 2026. Launches are general availability, not closed betas, so the 'publicly accessible' requirement is not a real obstacle once a release happens. A release in the last 6 days of August, with no leaks or preview signals, is unlikely. Four months of ladder through Dec 31 covers the cadence window comfortably, and Oct 31 probably does too.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "Only 6 days remain after 2026-08-25, and Anthropic flagship launches are usually preceded by visible signals such as system-card prep, partner console listings or benchmark leaks. Without those, a release by Aug 31 is unlikely."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "YES", "reason": "Recent Opus refreshes have come every 2 to 4 months. If the last Opus-class release was in late spring or early summer 2026, the next one lands by the end of October. Competitive pressure from OpenAI and Google releases usually pulls launches earlier, not later."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "YES", "reason": "Going more than ~6 months without an Opus refresh would break Anthropic's recent pattern. Point releases (e.g. Opus 5.5) are cheap to ship and still count, so the Dec 31 rung is the strongest part of the cadence thesis."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses on its YES legs if Anthropic breaks its Opus cadence. That could happen in four ways. (a) Compute is tied up in training a much larger next-generation model, so no point release ships in the meantime. (b) A frontier model is held back under Anthropic's own Responsible Scaling Policy (ASL-4-type safeguards not ready) or is released only to vetted or enterprise partners, which counts as private access. (c) The next flagship is branded under a new family name (e.g. 'Mythos' or 'Fable') and never called Opus, while only Sonnet or Haiku updates ship under the old names. (d) Regulatory or security problems, such as export-control or government-review requirements, delay general availability into 2027. C1 NO loses only if a surprise Opus shipped between Aug 26 and Aug 31.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Anthropic misses its Opus cadence are mostly worlds where frontier AI capacity or rules bind: GPU/TPU supply is the bottleneck, or safety and government review gates the most capable models. In those same worlds, competitors that hold more compute and have fewer self-imposed release gates, mainly OpenAI and Google DeepMind, take the public frontier. They ship GPT-next or Gemini-next flagships and lead leaderboards like LMArena through late 2026. Separately, AI-chip supply stays tight, which supports Nvidia pricing, TSMC advanced-packaging backlogs and hyperscaler capex announcements. So contracts on OpenAI or Google shipping a new flagship, or topping the leaderboard, by year-end tend to pay exactly when Anthropic's Opus is late. The mechanism is a shared constraint: scarce compute and regulatory attention go to whoever can release, and a delayed Anthropic leaves the leaderboard and news cycle to rivals.", "search_terms": ["openai", "gpt-6", "gemini", "google deepmind", "lmarena", "nvidia", "tsmc", "xai"], "recalls_outcome": true}