{"primary": {"thesis": "Tread (tread.fi) is a crypto trading-execution and algo terminal that has been running a points and rewards program. Programs like this usually keep extending their points seasons, because the points drive volume and the team gets to pick its moment. A token generation event needs exchange listings, market makers, legal structuring and a tokenomics announcement, and those usually become public several weeks in advance. As of mid-May 2026 the rules only require a governance token that is actively tradable, and no dated TGE has been announced. The resolution bar is strict: announcements do not count, and the token has to be transferable and tradable. That makes a launch within about six weeks (June 30) very unlikely. A launch by the end of Q3 is still less likely than a further slip, since stated crypto launch timelines usually slip by one or more quarters. So the basket shorts the near and middle rungs of the ladder and leaves the December rung alone, because that one carries real two-sided uncertainty.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "About 6 weeks is left, with no public TGE date, tokenomics, exchange listing or claim portal. A tradable token by June 30 would need an unannounced surprise launch, which is rare for a points-program platform that wants maximum attention for its airdrop."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Points programs are routinely extended by a season, and token launches in crypto usually slip past the dates teams hint at. Q3 is also seasonally weak for liquidity, and a strict 'tradable' requirement leaves no room for partial credit from an announcement or an airdrop-checker page."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if Tread runs a fast TGE before September 30. That would mean announcing tokenomics and an airdrop in June to August and listing within weeks on a DEX, Binance Alpha, a mid-tier CEX or a Hyperliquid spot market, so a token is freely tradable by the end of Q3 (or even by June 30 if a surprise launch was already queued). The likely triggers are a hot risk-on crypto tape and a run of successful launches by competing perp-DEX, aggregator and trading-terminal tokens. Those would give Tread a strong incentive to launch while airdrop demand and valuations are high, and before its points farmers leave for other programs. Pressure from VCs or the treasury to take a liquid valuation would push the same way.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary fails mainly when the wider crypto market is risk-on: Bitcoin and altcoin prices are rising, exchange and perp-DEX volumes are high, and other points-farming protocols are successfully launching tokens and getting listed (especially Hyperliquid-ecosystem and perp-DEX projects, and Binance Alpha listings). In that regime, TGE windows open because listing venues are keen to add new tickers, market makers will provide liquidity, and airdrop tokens hold their price after launch. Teams bring their launches forward to catch that demand. So instruments that pay when crypto prices rise, when perp-DEX and trading-venue tokens appreciate, or when exchange listing activity and on-chain volume increase tend to pay in the same worlds where Tread launches early. They are linked by the same cause: the state of market liquidity and appetite for airdrops.", "search_terms": ["bitcoin", "hyperliquid", "binance alpha", "lighter", "aster", "altcoin season", "coinbase", "paradex"], "recalls_outcome": false}