{"primary": {"thesis": "Anthropic has put out a new Opus-tier model every few months (Opus 4, 4.1, 4.5, then 2026 follow-ups). So a new Opus is very likely to reach the Arena text leaderboard before Dec 31, 2026. Two things shape where it lands. First, top Arena scores keep rising over time: frontier models moved from the ~1450s into the ~1500 range through late 2025 and 2026. Second, Claude models usually score somewhat lower on the no-style-control view than on the default style-controlled board, because Claude's plainer formatting wins fewer votes on raw preference. Taken together, the next Opus most likely debuts near the top of the no-style-control board, somewhere around the high 1480s to low 1510s. That is comfortably above the lower rungs of the ladder, but I don't expect it to clear 1520 on its first day. The basket bets on this middle range and against the extreme upper tail.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "YES", "reason": "A 2026 frontier Opus debuting below 1470 would put it well behind a leaderboard whose top has already moved into the high 1400s and 1500s. Score inflation over time plus frontier-level capability should clear this rung easily, provided a release happens."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "YES", "reason": "1480 is still below where the current frontier sits. Even after the no-style-control discount that Claude models usually take, a new flagship Opus should land above it."}, {"contract": "C6", "side": "NO", "reason": "1520 on day one without style control would mean clearly beating the top Gemini and GPT entries on raw preference votes. Claude has historically been weakest on that metric, and first-day scores have wide confidence intervals and can be conservative."}]}, "failure_narrative": "There are two ways the basket loses. (a) Downside: Anthropic doesn't release an Opus-labelled model by Dec 31, 2026. Possible reasons include switching to a different naming scheme, shipping only Sonnet/Haiku updates, or delaying because of compute limits or safety gating. A release could also come too late, or the model could debut below 1470/1480 on the no-style-control board because its terse style and refusals lose raw preference votes to Gemini/GPT/Grok. That would make C1/C2 lose. (b) Upside: the new Opus is a big step change and Arena scores inflate quickly (for example, the leader sits in the 1530s by late 2026), so the Opus debuts at 1520+ and C6 NO loses. The first path is the main risk, since it loses two of the three legs at once.", "hedge_thesis": "In the worlds where the basket fails on the downside, Anthropic has lost ground at the frontier or on release cadence while Google or OpenAI (or xAI) take the lead on Arena. The mechanism: Arena ratings are relative Bradley-Terry scores. When a rival ships a much stronger model that wins most head-to-head votes, it takes the top spots and caps where a newly added Claude can place. Separately, the reasons Anthropic might skip or delay an Opus (compute shortages, safety holds, pivoting to agentic or coding products instead of chat preference) are the same conditions under which competitors win the 'best AI model / top of Arena at end of 2026' markets. So contracts on Google/Gemini or OpenAI/GPT holding the #1 Arena text spot at year-end, or releasing a flagship by year-end, pay off in exactly those states.", "search_terms": ["google", "gemini", "openai", "gpt", "xai", "grok", "lmarena", "top ai model"], "recalls_outcome": false}