{"primary": {"thesis": "Shabana Mahmood was appointed Home Secretary only in September 2025. Home Secretaries usually stay more than a year unless there is a change of Prime Minister or a major reshuffle. The rules also count a re-appointment of Mahmood, and the case where nobody new is appointed, as 'No next Home Secretary in 2026'. So the basket loses only if the Monarch formally appoints a new person by 31 Dec 2026. That needs one of three things: Starmer is replaced and his successor reshuffles, Mahmood resigns over a scandal or policy failure (for example on migration or small boats), or Starmer carries out a second major reshuffle. Pressure on Labour after the May 2026 elections is real, but a formal leadership challenge, a contest, and then a new Home Office appointment all within about six months is a multi-step chain. Starmer's recent pattern is to reshuffle about once a year, and he has just put Mahmood in the post to own the migration agenda. The most likely outcome is that Mahmood is still Home Secretary at year end. Among the named alternatives, the big 'recall' names (Rayner, Lammy) would each need a specific additional move by the Prime Minister, so NO on them adds to the thesis.", "basket": [{"contract": "C9", "side": "YES", "reason": "Direct expression of the thesis. Mahmood staying in post or being re-appointed, or nobody new being appointed, both resolve this contract YES."}, {"contract": "C8", "side": "NO", "reason": "Rayner left government in 2025 over her stamp duty affair. A return straight into a great office of state needs both a new leader or a big reshuffle and her political rehabilitation."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "Lammy was just moved to Deputy PM and Justice. Moving him again to the Home Office within a year would be unusual unless there is a full change of government."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "Cooper was moved from the Home Office to the Foreign Office in 2025. Sending her back would effectively admit the reshuffle failed, so it is unlikely unless a new leader resets the whole cabinet."}]}, "failure_narrative": "Labour's poor results in the May 2026 local, Scottish and Welsh elections turn into a formal leadership challenge. This could come from Burnham finding a route back to Parliament, or from Streeting or Mahmood herself standing. Starmer resigns or loses, and the new leader, installed by early autumn, forms a new cabinet in which Mahmood is moved (or becomes leader herself). Someone else is then appointed Home Secretary, whether Cooper returning, Jarvis or McFadden promoted, or a returning Rayner. A second, lesser failure path: a migration or small-boats crisis, or a personal scandal, forces Mahmood out and Starmer replaces her mid-term. Any new appointment kills C9 YES. If the new person is Rayner, Lammy or Cooper, a second leg of the basket loses too.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary thesis fails mainly in worlds of Labour government instability: a leadership challenge or a change of Prime Minister in the second half of 2026. The same instability shows up in UK sovereign and currency markets. Leadership turmoil, especially one that brings in a softer-left leader such as Burnham, Rayner or Miliband, makes markets expect looser fiscal rules and more borrowing. It also raises the risk to the Chancellor's position (Reeves) and to fiscal credibility. That pushes long-dated gilt yields up and weakens sterling, and prediction markets on Starmer's exit, the next Labour leader or the next Chancellor would resolve 'yes/change'. So contracts on Starmer leaving office in 2026, Reeves being replaced as Chancellor, a Labour leadership contest, or the 30-year gilt yield breaking higher all tend to pay in exactly the worlds where a new Home Secretary is appointed.", "search_terms": ["starmer", "labour leadership", "burnham", "streeting", "reeves", "gilts", "sterling", "next prime minister"], "recalls_outcome": false}