{"primary": {"thesis": "The only way any contract here pays YES is if Squid launches a token before 1 Jan 2028. If it doesn't, every rung resolves No. As far as I know, Squid (the cross-chain swap router built on Axelar) had run points and loyalty programs but had no token as of mid-2026. So a real share of worlds see no launch at all before the deadline, or a late one. If Squid does launch, the comparables are small-to-mid cross-chain and bridge tokens launched after the 2024-25 airdrop wave. Those tokens often came out at high FDVs but slid quickly on airdrop selling in the first day, and new infra tokens had a thinner bid than in earlier cycles. Squid's raise and user base were modest next to the tier-1 bridges. My central outcome is either no launch, or a launch with day-1 FDV somewhere between tens of millions and roughly $200M. That makes NO on the top rungs strong in both branches: they need a launch, then a top-tier listing, then a hot market that holds up through day 1.", "basket": [{"contract": "C10", "side": "NO", "reason": "A $600M+ day-1 FDV would need a top-tier launch in a bull market for a mid-size router with no token today. It also fails automatically if there's no launch by 2028."}, {"contract": "C9", "side": "NO", "reason": "$400M sits above where most 2025-26 bridge/aggregator launches ended day 1 after airdrop selling. It also wins if there's no launch."}, {"contract": "C8", "side": "NO", "reason": "$300M is plausible only with a Binance-type listing, a small float and strong market momentum. Without all of those, day-1 FDV stays below it."}, {"contract": "C7", "side": "NO", "reason": "$200M is roughly the top of the realistic range for comparable infra tokens after a day of trading, and the no-launch branch adds weight to NO."}]}, "failure_narrative": "Squid announces a token in 2026-27 during a strong altcoin and airdrop bull phase. It launches with a small circulating float against a large total supply, which inflates FDV mechanically. It gets day-one listings on Binance, Coinbase or Upbit and ties the token to Axelar ecosystem incentives or to intent/cross-chain fee capture. Buyers absorb the airdrop selling and the price at 4 PM ET the next day implies an FDV above $200-300M, so the lower NO legs (C7, C8) lose and in a mania C9 and C10 lose too.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Squid's day-1 FDV clears $200-600M are the same worlds where the broader altcoin risk appetite is high. The mechanism is the same capital that bids new airdrops. Rising BTC and ETH prices, strong exchange listing demand and rising stablecoin supply lift new-launch valuations across the board. The Axelar ecosystem specifically would also be doing well: Squid runs on Axelar's messaging, so a well-funded, well-timed Squid launch usually comes with renewed attention and flows to AXL and to cross-chain interop tokens. So long exposure to altcoin beta (AXL, ETH, the price and FDV of other 2026-27 token launches, Binance listing performance) tends to pay in exactly the worlds where the high-FDV NO basket fails. It tends to lose in the no-launch and bear-market worlds where the basket wins.", "search_terms": ["axelar", "ethereum", "bitcoin", "binance", "altcoin", "airdrop", "hyperliquid", "across protocol"], "recalls_outcome": false}