{"primary": {"thesis": "A sitting party leader who resigns his own seat usually does one of two things. He either leaves the contest, perhaps to fight somewhere else or because of scandal or health, or he forces a by-election to show he still has a mandate. If he does not stand, the rules send the market to the lowest bracket, so C1 pays. If he re-stands in a forced by-election, the closest precedent is Haltemprice and Howden in 2008, where the main parties refused to 'play along' and David Davis took about 72%. Farage's baseline is also much higher than in 2024 (46%), because Reform's national standing has risen and the seat is heavily Leave-voting. Even if the main parties do stand, their vote is split and turnout among their supporters falls, which pushes him into the 50-70% range. The basket therefore covers not standing (C1) and a clear re-mandate (C3, C4). The only possible outcomes it leaves out are a narrow 40-50% result and a near-uncontested landslide above 70%.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "YES", "reason": "Resolves YES if Farage does not stand or no result is known by June 2027. Resigning a seat is often a prelude to not re-standing."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "YES", "reason": "In a contested race he re-stands in, his 46% baseline plus Reform's higher polling and a squeezed Conservative vote puts him most naturally in the 50-60% range."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "YES", "reason": "If one major party stands aside or campaigns only nominally, as in the pattern of self-triggered by-elections, his share moves into the 60-70% range."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses in two cases. In the first, Farage re-stands and meets a unified, energised opposition: Conservatives and Labour both campaign hard, perhaps with tactical anti-Reform voting behind one challenger, and voters punish him for a by-election they see as unnecessary or self-serving. That holds him to 40-50%, the same as 2024. In the second, every major party boycotts, leaving only fringe candidates, and he takes over 70%, as Davis did in 2008.", "hedge_thesis": "The main failure case, a Farage re-run held to 40-50%, is a world where Reform's surge has peaked. Anti-Reform tactical voting works, and the Conservatives, or Labour in coastal Essex, show they can recover vote share. That same mechanism, a fading populist premium and a re-consolidating mainstream vote, shows up as falling Reform national polling, better Conservative prospects in the council by-elections and next general election markets, and lower perceived UK political-fiscal risk. That last point would support gilts and sterling relative to a world where Reform looks set to win power. Instruments tied to Reform winning most seats or Farage becoming prime minister should fall in exactly the worlds where Clacton lands at 40-50%.", "search_terms": ["reform uk", "farage prime minister", "conservatives", "badenoch", "gilts", "sterling", "next general election", "tendring"], "recalls_outcome": false}