{"primary": {"thesis": "The contract list offers only Pause-first paths, so the July 28-29 meeting apparently ended in a hold. That leaves the September and October decisions. As of early August 2026, policy sits after the late-2025 easing cycle and a run of holds in the first half of 2026. Tariff pass-through keeps core inflation above target. The committee has said it wants clear evidence of labor-market weakening before easing further. A new chair's first meetings also tend to lean toward continuity and building consensus rather than an immediate move. Committee members who are wary of cutting early, while inflation expectations are still sensitive, make a September cut hard to agree on. The likeliest path is another hold in September. October is then decided by the late-summer and early-autumn data: a hold if inflation stays sticky, a cut if the labor data soften. The basket keeps both 'Pause in September' branches and bets against a hike or any other odd sequence.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "YES", "reason": "Sticky core inflation and a new chair who wants consensus keep rates unchanged through both remaining meetings."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "YES", "reason": "The committee holds in September, then cuts in October once more data show a cooling labor market. This covers the other September-hold branch."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "A hike, an intermeeting-style oddity, or a July-cut path is unlikely. The listed contracts suggest July was a hold, and nothing points to tightening."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if the Fed cuts in September (C3 or C4 resolves). That would take a sharp labor-market break over the summer: weak July and August payrolls, unemployment rising toward or above 4.7-5%, jobless claims climbing, and a fall in financial conditions or equities. Those conditions would let the new chair build a majority for a 'risk-management' cut on September 16. A secondary way to lose is a hike or other unlisted path ('Other'), driven by an inflation re-acceleration from tariffs or energy. That second path seems much less plausible.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary fails mainly in worlds where the US labor market and growth weaken fast enough to force a September cut. In those same worlds, recession and labor-weakness narratives come true outside the Fed contracts. Nonfarm payroll prints come in weak or negative, the unemployment rate rises, and initial jobless claims climb. Front-end Treasury yields (2-year) fall sharply as markets price in easing. Gold rallies as real yields drop and the dollar weakens. Recession-call markets and 'unemployment above X%' contracts resolve YES. The mechanism is that the September cut is itself a reaction to those data. Instruments tied to the labor data, or to the market's response to them, therefore pay off in the exact states where the September-pause basket loses.", "search_terms": ["unemployment", "nonfarm payrolls", "jobless claims", "recession", "treasury yields", "gold", "dollar"], "recalls_outcome": false}