{"primary": {"thesis": "Aden has been outside Houthi control since coalition-backed forces pushed them out in 2015. The front lines closest to the city (Lahij/al-Dhale, Taiz, the Karish-Kirsh axis) have barely moved for years, apart from local skirmishes. Houthi pressure has gone into missiles, drones and Red Sea and Israel-related campaigns, not large ground offensives toward the south. Aden is held by southern and Saudi-backed government forces, and any Houthi push would be heavily contested in the northern governorates first. For forces to reach Aden's urban districts within one to three months, there would first need to be a visible collapse of the Lahij/al-Dhale defensive belt, and that would be widely reported ahead of time. The rules also exclude Little Aden (Al Buraiqeh), shelling, sabotage, offshore naval presence and claims without confirmed entry. That raises the bar further. So the ladder most likely resolves NO on every rung.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "The date is already here, and nothing described suggests Houthi forces are inside Aden's listed districts. The fronts have been static for years."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "A month is too little time for a ground advance through Lahij/al-Dhale defenses into the city, and such a campaign would show clear warning signs first."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "Even three months would need southern and government forces to collapse, or Saudi Arabia to abandon them. Riyadh has strong reasons to keep Aden as the seat of the recognized government."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if the anti-Houthi camp breaks apart. One route is that fighting among southern factions, or between the STC and government or Saudi-backed units, empties the Lahij/al-Dhale front. Another is Saudi Arabia pulling its support after a deal with the Houthis or a quarrel with its southern partners. The Houthis use the gap for a fast armored or tribal-militia push through al-Anad toward Sheikh Othman or Dar Sad, or a local commander defects and lets Houthi-aligned units in. Even a short raid or an infiltrating unit operating in Sheikh Othman or Al Mansura, if credible outlets report it, would settle C3, and possibly C2, as YES.", "hedge_thesis": "Worlds where Houthis enter Aden are worlds where the Saudi-led structure in Yemen has failed and the Houthis are emboldened and control both sides of the approaches to Bab el-Mandeb. The effects would show up far from Aden. Red Sea transit risk would jump again, so shipping would keep or increase its diversions around the Cape of Good Hope. That would push container and tanker freight rates up and hit Egypt's Suez Canal revenues, and with them its foreign-currency reserves, the pound and its IMF financing needs. Oil would carry a higher risk premium through Brent, with Saudi Red Sea export routes such as Yanbu exposed to threats. Israel and the US would face more pressure to strike Houthi targets. The mechanism is that a Houthi advance on land into the south removes the main check on their maritime leverage, and markets price that leverage in shipping lanes, Egypt's canal economy and energy prices.", "search_terms": ["suez canal", "egypt", "brent", "maersk", "container freight", "saudi arabia", "yanbu"], "recalls_outcome": false}