{"hedges": [{"contract": "E32.9", "side": "NO", "reason": "My hedge thesis is about gilt yields and sterling, and no instrument on the list tracks either, so I use the UK political markets that sit closest to it. If Cooper leaves the Foreign Office, it would almost certainly be as part of a wider reshuffle. That could be a new PM building a whole cabinet, or a Starmer reset in which Cooper moves to the Home Office or the Treasury. In either case the Home Office is the post most likely to change hands too, for example if Cooper takes it or Mahmood moves up or runs for leader. So a new Home Secretary being appointed should happen in the same worlds where C10 fails."}, {"contract": "E8.9", "side": "YES", "reason": "Starmer leaving office is the most direct route to a new Foreign Secretary, because a new PM appoints a new cabinet. The other leaders listed have fixed terms, run autocracies, or face exits that are unlikely to be complete before 2027. So in worlds where Starmer falls, he is very likely the first of them to go."}, {"contract": "E1.9", "side": "NO", "reason": "The rules say Dan Jarvis only recently became Defence Secretary, so under Starmer this post is unlikely to change again. Under a new PM, Defence usually changes along with the Foreign Office, which gives this contract exposure mainly to the leadership-change route."}, {"contract": "E13.6", "side": "NO", "reason": "Lisa Nandy is Culture Secretary and is also on the list of possible Foreign Secretaries. A new PM's cabinet, or a promotion for Nandy herself, would change the Culture post in the same worlds where Cooper is replaced."}], "claims": [{"if": {"contract": "C10", "resolves": "NO"}, "then": {"contract": "E32.9", "resolves": "NO"}, "reason": "There are three ways Cooper leaves the Foreign Office before 2027. First, a new PM forms a cabinet, and the Home Office almost always changes then. Second, Starmer reshuffles his great offices of state, which usually moves more than one of them together, often by swapping Cooper and Mahmood. Third, Cooper becomes PM herself and rebuilds the cabinet. A Foreign Office change on its own with the Home Office untouched is the rare case."}], "no_instrument": false, "recalls_outcome": false}