{"primary": {"thesis": "Yvette Cooper was appointed Foreign Secretary in the September 2025 reshuffle, so as of July 2026 she has held the job for less than a year. UK Foreign Secretaries are rarely moved again that soon without a big trigger. A Prime Minister who is under pressure also tends to avoid reshuffling his most senior ministers, because doing so creates rivals and signals panic. The default path is that Cooper stays in post until 31 December 2026 and the market resolves to 'No next Foreign Secretary in 2026'. Some names on the list can almost never be appointed: Keir Starmer, as the sitting PM, would not also take the Foreign Office, and David Miliband is not in Parliament or the government. Taking NO on those two keeps money in the basket even if the main leg only partly works.", "basket": [{"contract": "C10", "side": "YES", "reason": "Cooper is new in post, and the Foreign Office is not usually reshuffled within about 15 months of an appointment. Under the rules, re-appointing Cooper or appointing nobody also resolves here."}, {"contract": "C11", "side": "NO", "reason": "A sitting PM taking the Foreign Office as a formal appointment by the Monarch almost never happens. If Starmer lost the premiership, he would not become Foreign Secretary under his successor either."}, {"contract": "C12", "side": "NO", "reason": "Miliband has no Commons seat and holds no government role. To be appointed he would need a peerage or a by-election within six months, which is very unlikely."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses its main leg if Cooper leaves the Foreign Office before year end. The most likely route is a Labour leadership crisis following poor May 2026 local, Scottish and Welsh election results. That could mean a formal challenge, or Starmer resigning and a successor such as Streeting, Mahmood or another candidate forming a new cabinet in the summer or autumn. A new PM would almost certainly appoint a new Foreign Secretary, perhaps Lammy returning, or Healey, Streeting or Mahmood. A second route is Starmer staging a 'reset' reshuffle of his own. For example, Reeves could be moved out of the Treasury after a difficult autumn Budget, Cooper could be moved to Chancellor or Deputy PM, and someone like McFadden, Jones or Healey could take the Foreign Office. Either route makes C10 go to zero.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Cooper is replaced are mostly worlds with serious UK government instability: a leadership contest, a change of PM, or a crisis-driven reshuffle tied to fiscal trouble. Those same conditions tend to hurt UK financial markets. Investors would price in fiscal uncertainty, a possible shift to the left on tax and spending, and a less credible Treasury. That would push gilt yields up, especially at the long end, and weaken sterling against the dollar and euro. It would also likely feed a rise for Reform UK in voting-intention polls. So instruments that pay when gilt yields rise, sterling weakens, or Labour loses the premiership or polling ground should tend to pay off in the same worlds where C10 fails.", "search_terms": ["gilts", "sterling", "pound", "bank of england", "labour leader", "reform uk", "starmer", "uk prime minister"], "recalls_outcome": false}