{"primary": {"thesis": "The rule pays only on the 'HLE Accuracy' figure shown on the official leaderboard at agi.safe.ai. That page has lagged model launches and mostly lists no-tools scores that the maintainers ran or verified themselves. It does not list the higher tool-augmented numbers that labs put in their own launch posts. As of my knowledge, the best OpenAI results on the official board sat in the 20s to low 30s without tools. Frontier self-reported scores with tools or search were only in the 40s. Getting an OpenAI entry to 60% or more on the official board by 2026-12-31 needs two things. First, a large capability jump, roughly +25 to 30 points on a benchmark built to resist saturation. Second, the leaderboard has to add that model in time. Both together inside about three months is unlikely. So the upper rungs of the ladder should resolve No. I leave out 55% because it is the rung most exposed to a single strong release, or to the board changing its methodology to include tool use.", "basket": [{"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "60% on the official no-tools style leaderboard means nearly doubling the last OpenAI scores I know of, and the board also has to list the model by year-end."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "65% needs an even larger jump. HLE was built from questions frontier models failed, and its remaining items include hard or noisy questions that cap accuracy below 100%."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "70% would mean HLE is nearly saturated within about two years of its release. That is implausible on the official source by Dec 31, 2026."}]}, "failure_narrative": "In this failure case OpenAI ships a much stronger reasoning model (a GPT-6 class or 'Pro/Deep Research' tier) in Q4 2026 that scores 60% or more on HLE. The leaderboard then counts it, in one of three ways. It may add a tools/agentic column that counts as a 'clear equivalent' HLE Accuracy figure. It may list OpenAI's self-reported numbers. Or it may run the model fast and record a no-tools score of 60% or more. Contamination could also do it, or a revised or cleaned HLE question set (for example, removing items with wrong answers), which would raise every score by a step. In any of these worlds the board shows 60% or more before 2026-12-31 and the NO basket loses.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where the primary fails are worlds of fast frontier capability gains in late 2026. Hard reasoning benchmarks saturate much faster than expected because scaling reasoning-time compute and RL is paying off. The same mechanism would show up elsewhere. Rival labs (Google Gemini, Anthropic, xAI) would post similar jumps on other frontier benchmarks such as FrontierMath and ARC-AGI. AI-compute demand and capex expectations would rise, lifting Nvidia and hyperscaler guidance. OpenAI's fundraising valuation and a GPT-6 release timeline would move forward. A big HLE result on the official board implies a flagship release plus strong benchmark marketing. Those events also resolve 'which lab has the top model' and 'benchmark X above Y' markets upward, and they support bullish AI-hardware outcomes.", "search_terms": ["gpt-6", "gemini", "frontiermath", "arc-agi", "nvidia", "openai valuation", "lmarena"], "recalls_outcome": false}