{"primary": {"thesis": "As of 2026-09-30, Ostium is an Arbitrum perp DEX for real-world assets (FX, commodities, indices, stocks). It has run a points program and raised venture money in the tens of millions, but no token is live. The market resolves NO unless a token launches by Dec 31, 2026. So there are two ways this can go. First, no TGE happens in the roughly three months left, and every rung resolves NO. Second, a TGE happens, and the day-after FDV most likely lands in the mid-hundreds of millions. That is where comparable second-tier perp DEXs have landed, for example Avantis on Base, and where airdrop sell pressure and a thin circulating float usually push day-one pricing. It would take a Hyperliquid-style reflexive mania to go well past $1B. The basket shorts the upper rungs, which win in both the no-launch world and the moderate-launch world.", "basket": [{"contract": "C8", "side": "NO", "reason": "Wins if there is no launch by year-end, and also if a launch prices at typical RWA-perp-DEX levels (roughly $200M-$800M FDV) once airdrop recipients sell."}, {"contract": "C9", "side": "NO", "reason": "A $2B+ day-after FDV for a mid-sized Arbitrum perp venue would need category-leading hype. It also wins by default if there is no launch."}, {"contract": "C10", "side": "NO", "reason": "The same logic with more room. Only a top-tier perp DEX token has cleared $3B one day after launch, and it also wins if there is no launch."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if Ostium launches a token before Dec 31, 2026, at the height of a perp-DEX and tokenized-equity narrative wave. In that world, perp-DEX tokens like HYPE, ASTER and Lighter's trade at rich multiples of fees. Tokenized stocks and 24/7 RWA perps are the hot crypto theme. Ostium sets a very low float with heavy exchange listings, for example Binance or Coinbase on day one, and possibly backer-driven market making. Scarce float plus narrative demand then pushes the day-after price to an FDV above $1B, and possibly above $2-3B. At that point the NO legs on C8, C9 and possibly C10 all lose together.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary thesis fails in a world where the crypto derivatives-exchange sector is in a speculative boom. In that world, perp-DEX tokens and on-chain RWA/tokenized-stock venues are re-rating sharply, so new listings in the category price off richly valued comparables. The mechanism: a new token's day-one valuation is set by relative value against listed peers and by how much risk capital the crypto market is taking. If Hyperliquid, Aster, Lighter and Avantis tokens are at high valuations, and on-chain perp volume and open interest are at records, then Ostium's launch would anchor to those multiples. The team would also be more likely to rush its TGE into that window. So long exposure to incumbent perp-DEX tokens, and to broader risk appetite for on-chain derivatives, pays off in exactly the worlds where a high-FDV Ostium launch breaks the basket.", "search_terms": ["hyperliquid", "aster", "lighter", "avantis", "arbitrum", "perp dex", "tokenized stocks", "binance listing"], "recalls_outcome": false}