{"primary": {"thesis": "Tread (tread.fi) is a crypto execution and trading-terminal platform that has used a points or rewards program. That is the usual setup before a token, but the rule sets a high bar: the governance token has to be actively and publicly transferable and tradable. An announcement, a points snapshot or a claim page that is not yet live does not count. As of mid-May 2026 there is no public TGE date, no audited token contract and no exchange listing announcement. Going from nothing to a live, tradable token usually takes several weeks, covering the tokenomics disclosure, the airdrop checker, exchange and market-maker onboarding and legal structuring. So a launch by June 30 is very unlikely. Small infrastructure teams also tend to push TGE dates back to wait for better market conditions and to keep points farming, which pays their user-growth metrics. That makes a live token by September 30 also less likely than not. I hold the two nearer rungs as NO and leave December alone, since the most uncertainty sits there.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "About six weeks remain, and there is no public TGE date, tokenomics or listing pipeline. The chain from announcement to live trading cannot realistically finish in that time."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Points-program teams usually push TGE back to keep users engaged and to wait for strong markets. The strict 'tradable, not announced' rule adds lag even if they announce in the summer."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if Tread has quietly lined up a TGE for summer 2026, with a points season ending in May or June and the airdrop checker and CEX or DEX listings following within weeks. It also loses if a strong crypto market (rising BTC, busy airdrop and perp-DEX token launches, exchanges competing for listings) pushes the team to launch early before the window closes. A fast launch on a DEX such as Hyperliquid or a Solana or Base pool counts as publicly tradable, so a quick token launch by the end of Q3 would sink C2, and a launch by June 30 would sink both.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Tread launches early are the worlds where the crypto risk-on cycle is strong in mid-2026. BTC and ETH prices are high, perp DEX volumes are growing, exchanges list new tokens eagerly and airdrop TGEs are clustering. The mechanism is that the timing of a small platform's token launch is driven by the market: a team launches when listing demand, the valuation it can get and user attention are highest. So instruments that pay out on high crypto prices, strong exchange volumes and hot perp-DEX and airdrop activity tend to win in exactly the worlds where the Tread NO positions lose.", "search_terms": ["bitcoin", "ethereum", "hyperliquid", "solana", "binance", "coinbase", "airdrop", "perp dex"], "recalls_outcome": false}