{"primary": {"thesis": "The Israel-Houthi exchange runs on a tit-for-tat mechanism. Israeli strikes on Yemen (Hodeidah port, Sanaa airport, power plants, Houthi leadership) have come in reply to Houthi ballistic missiles and drones fired at Israel. The Houthis in turn tied those launches to the Gaza war. Since the Gaza ceasefire framework of October 2025, Houthi fire at Israel has largely stopped, and Israel has had no trigger to strike Yemen. Israel's military attention is also taken up by Lebanon, Syria, Gaza enforcement and Iran. A ladder that is still open on September 30 fits a quiet period, not an active campaign. In the near term the likely outcome is no qualifying Israeli strike on Yemeni territory. The strictest contracts are therefore the best expression of the thesis: the one that expires today and the one-month contract.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "It expires at 11:59 PM AST today. A qualifying strike would need to happen, and be credibly reported, within hours. Nothing in the setup suggests an active Israel-Yemen exchange right now."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Israel would first need a Houthi trigger, such as a renewed missile or drone attack on Israel or a major Red Sea attack involving Israeli-linked ships. It would then need to decide on a retaliatory air strike, all inside one month. While the Gaza ceasefire holds, the Houthis have little reason to start this cycle again."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The Gaza ceasefire breaks down, or a wider Israel-Iran or Israel-Hezbollah escalation begins. The Houthis resume ballistic missile and drone launches at Israel (Eilat, Ben Gurion, Tel Aviv) or attacks on Red Sea shipping. One of these gets through or causes casualties. Israel then does what it did in 2024-25: an IAF long-range strike on Hodeidah, Ras Isa, Salif, Sanaa airport or Houthi leadership, possibly within days. A single confirmed air strike on Yemeni soil before October 31 loses the whole basket. If a strike already happened in the last few days and resolution is still within the 3-day window, C1 also loses.", "hedge_thesis": "In the worlds where the primary fails, the Houthis are back at war. They almost always pair attacks on Israel with a blockade of shipping through Bab el-Mandeb and the Red Sea, and Israeli strikes on Hodeidah and Ras Isa hit Yemen's port and fuel infrastructure. The mechanism is: renewed Houthi-Israel fire leads to insurers raising Red Sea war-risk premiums, carriers pausing their return to Suez routings, and more ships diverting around the Cape of Good Hope. That pushes container spot freight rates up, cuts Suez Canal transits and Egypt's canal revenue, raises tanker rates, and adds a Middle East risk premium to Brent. So the hedge is a separate market story about Red Sea shipping and freight rates re-tightening, and Suez Canal traffic and Egyptian FX earnings weakening. That story tends to be true exactly when Israel is hitting Yemen, and false while the ceasefire keeps the Red Sea quiet.", "search_terms": ["suez canal", "red sea", "bab el-mandeb", "maersk", "zim", "container freight", "brent", "egyptian pound"], "recalls_outcome": false}