{"primary": {"thesis": "By December 2026 the FOMC will be in a gradual, data-dependent regime. After the 2025 cuts it has been easing slowly or holding. A new chair took over after Powell's chair term ended in May 2026 and leans dovish, but tariff-driven goods inflation that is still above target holds the committee back. The December 8-9 meeting falls just after the midterms and has a Summary of Economic Projections. At a meeting like that the committee moves in 25 bp steps or holds. It takes a clear shock to get a 50 bp cut or any hike. So the result lands on either 'No change' or '25 bps decrease', and the tails are the mispriced part of the partition.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "A 50+ bp cut needs an emergency-style deterioration, such as a sharp payroll collapse, market dysfunction or a credit event. The Fed's pattern is 25 bp steps, and it has been reluctant to cut fast while core inflation sits near 3%."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "A hike would reverse an easing cycle under a chair picked for a dovish lean, right after the midterms. That needs a clear re-acceleration of inflation that a hold cannot handle."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "A hike of 50+ bp is even further outside the reaction function than 25 bp. It would require an inflation shock on the scale of 2022 building in under three months."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses only in the tails. Tail one is a growth or financial shock in Q4 2026, such as a string of negative payroll prints, a rise in unemployment that triggers the Sahm rule, a private-credit or bank blowup, or an equity crash. The committee then front-loads with a 50 bp cut in December, maybe after an intermeeting move. Tail two is an inflation shock, such as an energy supply disruption, a new round of tariffs or a slide in the dollar pushing inflation expectations up. That forces a 25 bp hike to defend credibility, possibly with a split vote. Either way the result falls outside the hold/25-cut middle.", "hedge_thesis": "In the worlds where the primary fails, cross-asset macro volatility jumps in Q4 2026. The likeliest common trigger is an energy or geopolitical shock, for example a Middle East or Strait of Hormuz disruption that spikes Brent. That kind of shock can push the Fed either way: to a hike if the inflation pass-through dominates, or to a big cut if demand destruction and financial stress dominate. Either way it lifts equity implied volatility (VIX) and rates volatility (MOVE), and it sends safe-haven flows into gold. A second route, a credit or banking stress event that forces a 50 bp cut, gives the same result: a VIX spike, a gold rally and a sharp front-end Treasury rally. So a long-volatility or long-gold position pays in both of the primary's losing tails and bleeds in the calm middle scenario, where the primary wins.", "search_terms": ["vix", "gold", "brent", "oil", "hormuz", "move index", "recession", "treasury"], "recalls_outcome": false}