[D3] UPI: Chile's El Teniente copper mine resumes operations after fatal collapse — dated 2025-08-13

Chile’s El Teniente copper mine resumes operations after fatal collapse - UPI.com Trending College sports Trans inmates World court Cornell assault Georgia gas Escaped emu Sailors injured Hula hoop Dog pool party World News Aug. 13, 2025 / 1:40 PM Chile's El Teniente copper mine resumes operations after fatal collapse By Francisca Orellana Candles burn at a vigil for the workers at the El Teniente mine at the Los Maitenes access control in Rancagua, Chile, on August 2. Six miners died after an earthquake two days earlier caused a partial collapse at the world's largest underground copper mine. Photo by Elvis Gonzalez/EPA Aug. 13 (UPI) -- Chile's El Teniente division -- the world's largest underground copper mine and operated by the state-owned National Copper Corp. -- has partially resumed operations after a collapse that killed six miners and forced a halt to production. The mine accounts for about 25% of Codelco's production, has more than 2,800 miles of underground tunnels and produced 392,000 tons of refined copper in 2024. On July 31, a magnitude-4.2 earthquake triggered a collapse that damaged 2.3 miles of interior tunnels, prompting the National Geology and Mining Service, Sernageomin, to order a suspension of operations for safety reasons. It was the worst incident 35 years. "Each day of closure costs between 800 and 900 metric tons [880 to 992 U.S. tons] of refined copper, which, at current market prices, translates into daily losses of about $8 million," said Víctor Pérez, a professor of sustainable mining at Chile's Adolfo Ibáñez University. He added that the mine will take several months to return to normal production. Preliminary studies warned that losses could reach $70 million, in addition to about $100 million in repair costs. Estimates also project a future financial impact from delayed production of up to $30 million in present value. "It is very likely that the losses will far exceed the initial estimates. The largest losses will be seen starting next year," Pérez said. El Teniente had forecast production of about 340,000 tons of refined copper this year. "The suspension of operations will have repercussions. Codelco will have to review how to meet the target, but that will be difficult given the operational limits already set in a predefined extraction and processing plan," said economist Christian Jiménez, director of Bold Economics. Codelco is investigating the origin of the earthquake, as it is unclear whether it was caused by natural tectonic activity or induced by mining operations, such as drilling or rock bursts. Analysts say that in the medium term, the company is expected to expand its use of technology to improve seismic monitoring and increase remote operations in high-risk areas. Codelco is the world's largest copper producer, responsible for about 7% of global output and holding roughly 30% of the world's known reserves of the metal. In 2024, it produced about 1.6 million tons of refined copper, supplying key industries such as electric power, automotive manufacturing and renewable energy, for which copper is essential for electric vehicles, transmission networks and clean technologies. Read More Chilean project aims to be at forefront of theoretical astrophysics Chile drops 'aviation endangerment' charges against teenage U.S. pilot Junior Pan American Games underway in Paraguay Topics Business Latest Headlines World News // 1 hour ago U.N. Command, South Korea say North Korean mines violated armistice SEOUL, Sept. 29 (UPI) -- The United Nations Command and South Korea's military said Wednesday that North Korean land mines found in the Demilitarized Zone constituted a violation of the Korean War armistice agreement. World News // 1 day ago Tropical Storm Rachel expected to become major hurricane Sept. 29 (UPI) -- Tropical Storm Rachel is expected to become a hurricane late Tuesday and a major hurricane later this week, the National Hurricane Center said. World News // 11 hours ago Polo downgraded to tropical storm as it slows over mainland Mexico Sept. 29 (UPI) -- Hurricane Polo was downgraded to a tropical storm Tuesday, weakening rapidly as it moved over northwestern Mexico, although heavy rains continued. World News // 6 hours ago South Korea adds 900,000 healthcare workers as regional gap persists Sept. 29 (Asia Today) -- South Korea's healthcare workforce grew by nearly 900,000 in a decade, but doctors became more concentrated in the Seoul metropolitan area. World News // 6 hours ago South Korean corporate bankruptcies rise 17% amid economic slowdown Sept. 29 (Asia Today) -- South Korean corporate bankruptcies rose 17.6% in 2025 while personal rehabilitation filings climbed 15.2% amid high rates and economic weakness. World News // 6 hours ago S. Korea leads OECD in college attainment but trails in job outcomes Sept. 29 (Asia Today) -- South Korea leads the OECD in higher education attainment among young adults, but graduate employment rates and wage premiums remain below average. World News // 6 hours ago Delinquency rate on emergency loans for vulnerable Koreans hits 44% Sept. 29 (Asia Today) -- Delinquencies on South Korea's emergency loans for vulnerable borrowers reached 43.7%, with young borrowers recording the highest rate. World News // 7 hours ago Samsung, SK leaders join Nvidia's Jensen Huang at New York gala Sept. 29 (Asia Today) -- Samsung's Lee Jae-yong and SK's Chey Tae-won joined Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang in New York as the companies deepen their AI chip partnerships. World News // 7 hours ago Kakao partners with AI safety institute to evaluate models, agents Sept. 29 (Asia Today) -- Kakao is partnering with South Korea's AI Safety Institute to jointly evaluate language models, multimodal AI and AI agents for safety. World News // 8 hours ago New evidence emerges in case of Mexico's 43 missing students Sept. 29 (UPI) -- Evidence in the disappearance of 43 Ayotzinapa students reveals human remains, phones used after they vanished and 17 new people under investigation. Trending Stories Senate passes bill to set national college sports rules Utah senator blocks bill to stop Trump from demolishing Kennedy Center Tennessee to execute its first woman in 200 years Kemp suspends Georgia's gas tax, declares state of emergency Four U.S. Navy sailors injured during aircraft carrier landing Follow Us Privacy Manager
