{"primary": {"thesis": "This is a race to be the first listed leader actually out of office, and one leader has a fixed exit date inside the window. Gustavo Petro is term-limited. Colombia's 2026 presidential election (first round 31 May, runoff 21 June) produces a successor who is inaugurated on 7 August 2026, which ends Petro's tenure. The rule excluding a 'scheduled departure due to an election' only stops an announcement from counting on its own; the actual handover on 7 August does count. Most other listed leaders have no hard exit before 2027. Newsom's term runs to January 2027 and Lula's successor, if any, takes office on 1 January 2027, so both fall just outside the window. Macron's term ends in 2027. Xi, Putin, Kim, Erdogan and Sheinbaum are structurally secure. Takaichi was recently re-legitimised. So the default resolution is Petro on 7 August, unless someone else is permanently removed (not as caretaker) during roughly the next two months.", "basket": [{"contract": "C21", "side": "YES", "reason": "Constitutional term limit: the successor is inaugurated 7 August 2026, a hard and scheduled exit inside the window."}, {"contract": "C24", "side": "NO", "reason": "Petro's mandatory handover alone makes 'none before 2027' nearly impossible."}, {"contract": "C13", "side": "NO", "reason": "Brazil's inauguration is 1 January 2027, so even if Lula loses in October he is still in office through 31 December 2026 and cannot be the first out."}, {"contract": "C7", "side": "NO", "reason": "Newsom's term ends in early January 2027, after the deadline, and he is term-limited rather than at risk of removal."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if another listed leader permanently leaves office between 8 June and 6 August 2026. The most plausible route is Keir Starmer: after heavy Labour losses in the May 2026 local and devolved elections, a formal leadership challenge is triggered and a new leader, and so a new PM, is installed in June or July. The next is Sebastien Lecornu: a censure motion or dissolution crisis leads Macron to appoint a new PM before August. Merely becoming caretaker would not count; a successor actually being named would. Smaller routes include: Delcy Rodriguez being replaced in a US-brokered Venezuelan transition, the death or incapacity of the 90-year-old Mahmoud Abbas, a sudden Netanyahu coalition collapse ending with a new PM (unlikely before an autumn election), or Zelenskyy leaving office under a peace-deal election arrangement. A near-impossible tail is Petro refusing to hand over power, or the transfer being delayed.", "hedge_thesis": "UK: Starmer is forced out by his own party before the August recess. The mechanism is Reform UK's lead in the polls plus the May 2026 election losses. Labour MPs in marginal seats reach the 20% nomination threshold for a challenger (for example Andy Burnham, if a route into Parliament is found, or Wes Streeting or Angela Rayner). An accelerated contest then installs a new leader, who becomes PM immediately. That is exactly the world in which C9 resolves ahead of Petro's fixed 7 August exit and the basket's C21 leg fails. It would show up in UK assets as a gilt-yield and sterling risk premium over fiscal credibility under a more left-leaning successor.", "search_terms": ["starmer", "labour leadership", "andy burnham", "wes streeting", "angela rayner", "gilts", "sterling", "reform uk"], "recalls_outcome": false}