{"primary": {"thesis": "The count is of seats per single candidate list, not per bloc. Likud has the most stable base in Israeli politics, and it has come first on list count in almost every recent cycle, even when its bloc was weak. The anti-Netanyahu vote is split across Together (the Bennett-led merger with Yesh Atid), Yashar (Eisenkot), The Democrats and Arab lists. That split tends to cap the largest opposition list below Likud's roughly mid-20s floor. Shas and Otzma Yehudit are satellite parties with a ceiling well below Likud and cannot come first. So the most likely outcome is that Likud wins the most seats on October 27 and results are certified quickly.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "YES", "reason": "Likud's floor of loyal voters and its incumbency make it the natural largest single list while the opposition is split across several lists."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Together has to hold the Bennett and Lapid voters together while Yashar and The Democrats draw from the same pool. Mergers often poll above the seats they actually win."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "Yashar is new and competes for the same centrist votes as Together. Unless it merges, it has no route to first place."}, {"contract": "C6", "side": "NO", "reason": "Otzma Yehudit is a far-right satellite with a ceiling in the low teens. It cannot pass Likud."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The opposition consolidates late. Eisenkot's Yashar joins Together, or strategic voting drains The Democrats and Yashar into Together. Meanwhile Likud bleeds votes after 7 October over accountability, the Haredi draft issue and war fatigue, and loses some to Otzma and Bennett. Together then passes Likud by a few seats. A second loss path: the election is postponed, for example by a security emergency or a Knesset law, and no definitive result exists by June 30, 2027. Then C1 resolves NO ('Other'). Either way, the C1 YES leg is lost, and it is the main value of the basket.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Likud loses first place are worlds where markets expect a centrist government led by Bennett. Such a government would likely drop the judicial overhaul, restore institutional checks, repair relations with Washington, European capitals and US Democrats, and revive Saudi normalization tied to a political horizon. By this mechanism, Israel's sovereign and currency risk premium would shrink: the shekel strengthens, Israeli government bonds and CDS rally, Tel Aviv banks and domestic-cyclical stocks rerate, foreign inflows return, and Gulf-Israel deal expectations rise. So instruments tied to Israeli country risk would gain in exactly the worlds where the Likud YES leg loses.", "search_terms": ["shekel", "tel aviv 125", "israel bonds", "bank leumi", "bank hapoalim", "saudi normalization", "israel cds"], "recalls_outcome": false}