{"primary": {"thesis": "The rules name Gemini 3.6 Flash and 3.7 Flash, and they say that any rollout, promotion or snapshot of 3.7 Flash does not count. That wording suggests 3.7 Flash is the current Flash model, recently launched or still rolling out, as of 2026-08-24. Google usually leaves a gap of a couple of months or more between core Flash versions. Each new version first goes through preview and experimental phases, often with a limited audience, and then becomes generally available. The market's strict test (public access, clearly labelled 3.8 or higher, not Flash-Lite and not a modality variant) excludes the usual early-access and AI Studio experimental tiers that come before a launch. So I expect no qualifying 3.8+ Flash within about 5 weeks. The nearest dates are the most certain No's. October 31 is less clear, so I leave it out.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "Only one week remains. A new core Flash version so soon after 3.7 Flash would break Google's usual cadence, and nothing in the rules hints at an imminent release."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Three weeks is still too short for the next Flash version to go from preview to general public availability, given that 3.7 Flash appears to be the current model."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "About five weeks. A plausible launch window only starts around October or November, and closed or private previews do not count."}]}, "failure_narrative": "Google speeds up its release cadence. For example, it ships 3.8 Flash (or jumps to Gemini 4 Flash) as a public preview in AI Studio, the Gemini app or Vertex before the end of September, perhaps timed to a Pixel or hardware event or a developer event. Or it answers a competitor's cheap, fast model with an immediate counter-launch. A public preview that anyone can sign up for counts under these rules, so even a model labelled 'preview' that is openly available would resolve C2 or C3 as Yes. Another route is that 3.7 Flash was actually released well before August, which would make a 3.8 release due by September.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where Google ships 3.8+ Flash early are worlds with an intense competitive burst at the cheap, fast model tier. Google's Flash timing reacts to rivals. If OpenAI launches a new mini or nano model, Anthropic launches a new Haiku or Sonnet, or a Chinese lab such as DeepSeek or Qwen releases a strong, cheap model in late August or September, Google has a strong incentive to pull its next Flash forward. So a hedge sits in the rival labs' release markets and in AI-compute sentiment. If competitors ship fast models by September, or if Alphabet or Nvidia rally on news that AI releases are speeding up, that tends to happen alongside the primary basket losing.", "search_terms": ["openai", "anthropic", "deepseek", "gpt", "claude", "alphabet", "nvidia"], "recalls_outcome": false}