{"primary": {"thesis": "The ladder itself suggests where BTC stood in mid-August. The 65,000 up-strike and the 62,500 down-strike were added later and count only from their creation. That places spot on 2026-08-16 around 63-65k. The original ladder runs roughly 67.5k-80k on the upside and 60k-40k on the downside, which suggests the month opened nearer 70k and drifted lower. About 15 days remain. For any tail strike to be touched, BTC would need a one-way move of 35-60% in two weeks on Binance BTC/USDT 1m candles. The 1m-wick rule makes a touch a bit easier than a close would, but it does not close gaps that size without a regime break. Also, because the early-August range was nowhere near these tails, none of them is likely to have resolved YES already. So the thesis is that BTC stays in an ordinary-volatility range and the far wings resolve NO.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "100k is about 55% above the implied mid-August spot of about 64k. The early-month ladder topped out near 80-85k, so it was not touched before the 16th. A 55% rally in two weeks has almost no mechanism short of a sovereign-scale buying shock."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "85k is about 30% above the implied spot. The price trended down in the first half of the month (new strikes were added lower), so a lot of new buying would be needed to reverse that and extend past the early-month highs."}, {"contract": "C13", "side": "NO", "reason": "40k is about 37% below the implied spot. That is a crash on the scale of FTX or March 2020, compressed into two weeks, and it needs a systemic crypto or macro liquidity event."}, {"contract": "C12", "side": "NO", "reason": "42.5k is about 33% below the implied spot. It is close to the 40k tail but earns a little more; it fails only in the same crash worlds as C13."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses only if volatility breaks out of its regime before 31 August. The likelier path is a downside cascade. A major exchange or stablecoin runs into solvency or depeg trouble (for example USDT redemptions or a big exchange freezing withdrawals). Or a sharp global risk-off shock (credit event, disorderly yen-carry unwind, equity crash) forces liquidations of leveraged perpetual positions. In a thin Binance order book, 1m wicks then reach 42.5k or 40k. The less likely path is a violent upside repricing: a surprise US federal or sovereign bitcoin-reserve purchase program, or an emergency Fed cut with QE, drives a short squeeze through 85k. Separately, if my inference about spot is wrong (the price is really higher or lower than the new strikes imply), C2 or C12 sit much closer to the money than I think.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where this basket fails are mostly worlds of acute liquidity stress. Forced deleveraging hits every leveraged risk book at once, and crypto is the market that trades 24/7 with the most leverage, so it wicks furthest. The same shock shows up outside crypto. Equity index volatility spikes (VIX jumps), high-beta tech and Nasdaq sell off, funding stress widens credit spreads, and flight-to-safety flows bid up US Treasuries, gold, the yen and the Swiss franc. If a stablecoin or exchange failure causes it, the contagion reaches listed crypto-exposed equities and prompts emergency statements from regulators and the Fed. So a hedge built on a macro volatility spike, or on a safe-haven rally in rates, gold or yen, pays in the same worlds where BTC drops through 42.5k or 40k.", "search_terms": ["vix", "gold", "treasury yields", "nasdaq", "yen", "tether", "federal reserve", "microstrategy"], "recalls_outcome": false}