{"primary": {"thesis": "A special primary for this seat means Graham's slot opened unexpectedly, so the contest is short. In a short South Carolina GOP race, Trump's endorsement plus statewide establishment name recognition decide the outcome, and the party consolidates around a conventional Trump-aligned figure. That favors people like a statewide officeholder or a well-known former congressman. The bet is against three kinds of candidate: sitting cabinet officials who would have to give up a more powerful job, insurgents who built their brand attacking Graham and the state party, and Trump antagonists or erratic figures who would lose a runoff consolidation. Because the list is long and open, the basket fades specific tails rather than picking one winner.", "basket": [{"contract": "C12", "side": "NO", "reason": "Scott Bessent is Treasury Secretary. Giving that up for a crowded, short primary in the middle of a term would upend the administration's economic team, and nothing in the rules suggests he has declared."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "Paul Dans (Project 2025) ran as an anti-Graham insurgent and has little state-party or donor infrastructure. In a compressed special primary with a runoff, consolidation tends to go against the outsider."}, {"contract": "C15", "side": "NO", "reason": "Mark Sanford has a record of open conflict with Trump and lost a primary in 2018 after Trump attacked him. A Trump-endorsed opponent would beat him in a runoff."}, {"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "Nancy Mace is polarizing, has strained relations with GOP leadership, and ran for governor in 2026. Runoff dynamics push anti-Mace voters to consolidate behind whoever finishes second, so a plurality of first-round votes is not enough."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if one of the faded names becomes the nominee. The likeliest routes: (a) Trump endorses Bessent or pushes him to run, perhaps as part of a cabinet reshuffle where Bessent leaves Treasury, and the field clears for him; (b) Mace's name recognition and national media profile carry her through the first round, and Trump endorses her or stays neutral, so she wins the runoff; (c) anti-establishment anger over how the seat opened and the 'Graham succession' carries Dans to a runoff win on MAGA-activist turnout; (d) Sanford consolidates the fiscal-conservative and suburban vote in a fragmented field.", "hedge_thesis": "The largest single tail in the basket is Bessent. A Bessent nomination implies he leaves the Treasury Department. That creates a vacancy at Treasury and a confirmation fight, and markets on who leads US economic policy would reprice. Contracts on 'next Treasury Secretary' candidates (e.g., Hassett, Lutnick-type figures or deputies) and on the administration's cabinet turnover resolve in exactly the worlds where C12-NO fails. A second channel: if Dans or Mace wins, it signals that anti-establishment insurgents are beating Trump/establishment consolidation in southern GOP primaries. That would correlate with Heritage and Project 2025-aligned figures gaining in other 2026 contests and appointments, and with a weaker grip for Trump-endorsed candidates in other open-seat Senate primaries.", "search_terms": ["bessent", "treasury secretary", "hassett", "cabinet", "heritage foundation", "project 2025", "senate primaries"], "recalls_outcome": false}