{"primary": {"thesis": "Kostyantynivka is a large, spread-out city (about 67k people before the war) sitting on Ukraine's fortified Kramatorsk–Sloviansk defensive belt. Russian pressure there has come as grinding infiltration from the southeast and east, plus attempts to envelop the city from the flanks. That kind of fighting shows up on the ISW map as infiltration shading and small advance slivers. It is slow to turn into 'Assessed Russian Advances' or 'Russian-Controlled Terrain' shading that covers the whole municipality. The rules make YES harder still: every part of the municipality must be shaded under a qualifying layer, infiltration shading does not count, and the shading has to survive the next full update cycle. ISW is also conservative and usually lags Russian claims by weeks. A ladder that still lists a September 30 contract suggests full capture had not happened as of creation. For all three dates to hit, the city would need to fall quickly and completely within about three months. That would take either a sudden operational collapse or a negotiated Ukrainian withdrawal from Donetsk that actually takes effect, and neither is the base case. So the thesis is NO across the ladder, with the most confidence on the nearest dates.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "It resolves today. The whole municipality would already need qualifying shading that has survived an update cycle. Nothing in the setup suggests that has happened, and ISW lags."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "One month is far too short to go from partial infiltration to full assessed control of a large urban municipality, given ISW's conservative shading and the persistence requirement."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "Three months of urban fighting at the pace seen in comparable cities (Bakhmut, Avdiivka, Pokrovsk, Chasiv Yar) is more likely to leave pockets unshaded. Winter conditions and Ukrainian reserves defending the Kramatorsk approach also slow things down."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses in two main ways, most likely on C3 and possibly C2. First, Ukraine's defense could collapse after its supply lines are cut. If Russian forces close the flanks (for example from the Chasiv Yar–Druzhkivka side and the Toretsk/Pokrovsk axis) and cut the roads into Kostyantynivka, Ukraine may order a withdrawal, as at Avdiivka. ISW could then shade the whole municipality within weeks. Second, a negotiated settlement could require Ukraine to withdraw from the rest of Donetsk Oblast, and Russian forces could then actually take control, which counts as YES under the rules. A smaller risk is that ISW updates its map in a large batch after a long lag and closes out the remaining gaps all at once.", "hedge_thesis": "In the worlds where Kostyantynivka falls fast, the war is being settled on Russian terms, either through a negotiated Donbas withdrawal or through a Ukrainian front collapse that forces talks. In both cases the market prices in a nearer end to the war and some easing of sanctions. European natural gas prices (Dutch TTF) should fall on expectations of more Russian supply or less supply risk. The ruble and Russia-linked assets should strengthen, and European reconstruction or construction names should rally. The mechanism is that the military outcome and any settlement move together. A quick, complete loss of a major Donetsk city makes a ceasefire on Russia's territorial terms more likely, and that directly changes European energy risk premia and expectations about sanctions.", "search_terms": ["ttf", "european gas", "ruble", "ceasefire", "sanctions relief", "gazprom", "rheinmetall", "ukraine peace deal"], "recalls_outcome": false}