{"primary": {"thesis": "As of early January 2026 the FOMC has cut three times in a row (September, October, December 2025), bringing the range to 3.50-3.75%. The December statement and projections pointed to a pause: the committee was openly split, there were dissents on both sides, and the median dot showed only about one cut in 2026. Inflation is still above 2% and tariff pass-through is not finished, so the hawks and regional presidents who objected in December have little reason to agree to another cut soon. Powell chairs the March 17-18 meeting because his chair term runs to May 2026. A committee that has just said it will 'assess incoming data' before any further adjustment will most likely hold in January and again in March. Any easing would then wait for the new chair and clearer labor-market data. So the most likely March statement leaves the upper bound at 3.75%. A 50bp cut would need a shock-level deterioration. A hike is very unlikely with inflation easing and unemployment rising.", "basket": [{"contract": "C3", "side": "YES", "reason": "The main expression of the thesis: after three straight cuts and a split committee, the March meeting holds rates unchanged."}, {"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "A 50bp cut would take a sharp labor-market break or a financial accident, and nothing in early-January data points to that. Even the doves have mostly argued for 25bp steps."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "Unemployment is rising, inflation is moderating, and the institutional pressure is toward easier policy, so a hike in March is very remote."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses mainly if the Fed cuts 25bp (or more) in March. That would come from a clear weakening in the labor market: negative or near-zero payroll prints for January and February, unemployment rising toward 4.8-5%, and jobless claims climbing. Core PCE would also need to cool enough for the Powell-led committee to decide that the 'pause' in January was enough and resume cutting. Political pressure could add to this: an incoming dovish chair nominee, pressure on board composition, and doves such as Miran, Waller and Bowman pushing hard. A market or credit event (private-credit stress, an equity drawdown, a funding strain) could also force a pre-emptive cut. A less likely loss is an emergency or 50bp cut after a sharp shock.", "hedge_thesis": "In the worlds where the Fed cuts in March, the US labor market and growth have visibly weakened, or financial conditions have tightened sharply. That same mechanism moves other markets. Front-end Treasury yields fall hard because the 2-year prices in a faster path of cuts. The dollar weakens against the yen and euro as rate differentials narrow. Gold rallies on lower real yields and on doubts about Fed independence. Recession-sensitive assets suffer: unemployment-rate and jobless-claims markets resolve higher, and cyclical equities underperform. So a position on higher US unemployment, lower 2-year yields, higher gold, or a stronger yen would tend to pay off in exactly the worlds where 'no change' fails.", "search_terms": ["unemployment", "nonfarm payrolls", "treasury yields", "gold", "recession", "dollar", "yen", "jobless claims"], "recalls_outcome": false}