{"primary": {"thesis": "As of 2026-09-30, the only in-person Trump-Putin meeting of this term was the Anchorage, Alaska summit in August 2025. The Budapest summit floated in October 2025 was called off because Moscow would not move off its maximalist Ukraine terms and Washington did not want another summit without deliverables. Since then the pattern has been envoy-level diplomacy (Witkoff/Kushner-Dmitriev channels, talks in the Gulf and Istanbul), sanctions pressure and phone calls, not leader summits. Only about 13 weeks remain before the window closes. A summit takes a pre-negotiated deliverable, usually a ceasefire or framework deal ready to sign, plus logistics, a venue that works for an ICC-indicted Putin, and US domestic political room after the midterms. The base mechanism is that nothing happens: talks drag on, and the calendar runs out before a signable package exists. The basket goes long on the null outcome and short on the venues most likely to catch a surprise summit.", "basket": [{"contract": "C13", "side": "YES", "reason": "Direct expression: no summit-ready deal exists, the last planned summit (Budapest) collapsed, and only about one quarter is left."}, {"contract": "C11", "side": "NO", "reason": "Hungary/Budapest was the named fallback venue. Taking NO fades that revival specifically; an EU venue also carries the ICC-transit problem."}, {"contract": "C6", "side": "NO", "reason": "The Gulf states (Saudi Arabia, UAE) host the envoy tracks. Those tracks produce lower-level talks, not leader summits, unless a deal is ready."}, {"contract": "C5", "side": "NO", "reason": "A Trump visit to Moscow would be the reward for a finished deal and is politically costly in the US. It is very unlikely within 13 weeks."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if the Ukraine negotiations suddenly produce a signable ceasefire or framework deal in Q4 2026. For example, battlefield exhaustion, a Ukrainian concession on territory or security guarantees, or US leverage through secondary sanctions and energy pressure could push Moscow to accept. Trump would then move fast to stage a signing summit before year-end, probably in Budapest, Riyadh/Abu Dhabi or Istanbul, or through another Alaska-style US meeting. A chance in-person encounter would also count: for example, both attending a multilateral event where they shake hands. C13 fails in any meeting world. The NO legs lose only if the meeting lands in the EU (Hungary), a Gulf state or Russia.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary fails in the worlds where a Russia-Ukraine settlement is suddenly ready to sign. The same mechanism would show up in European and energy markets. Peace-deal expectations would compress the war-risk premium: Ukrainian sovereign and GDP-warrant bonds would rally hard as restructuring recovery value rises, and European defense names such as Rheinmetall would sell off on lower expected urgency of rearmament. The ruble would firm on expected sanctions relief. European gas benchmarks (TTF) and Brent would soften as the market prices a return of Russian flows or looser enforcement of the price cap. Instruments tied to these moves pay out exactly when a summit becomes likely, which offsets the losses on the no-meeting basket.", "search_terms": ["ukraine bonds", "rheinmetall", "ruble", "ttf gas", "brent", "russia sanctions", "ceasefire", "zelensky"], "recalls_outcome": false}