{"primary": {"thesis": "Nebraska is a safe-R state at the federal level. Pete Ricketts is an incumbent with his own large fortune and full party backing. The only credible challenger is Dan Osborn, a labor-populist independent. The Democratic Party has in effect stood aside for him, so there is no competitive Democratic nominee. Osborn came close to Deb Fischer in 2024 in a presidential year. Against a well-funded Ricketts who is ready for him, the partisan lean should still hold. Once AP, Fox and NBC all call the race, it resolves to the Republican nominee.", "basket": [{"contract": "C2", "side": "YES", "reason": "Incumbent, self-funding, in an R+ state. The GOP learned from Fischer's close 2024 race and will spend early to define Osborn."}, {"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "Democrats have no viable nominee because the anti-Ricketts coalition has gathered behind independent Osborn. The rules also say independents do not count as 'Democrat', so C1 has almost no route to paying out."}]}, "failure_narrative": "Osborn wins as an independent (C3). This would take a sharply anti-Republican midterm, a first-term-president backlash made worse by farm-economy pain from tariffs and trade retaliation against soybeans, corn and beef, and by cuts to rural hospitals and Medicaid. Osborn would need to consolidate Democratic voters in Omaha and Lincoln and also win enough rural working-class and union voters to overcome the partisan lean. Ricketts's image as a billionaire ex-governor would count against him. A smaller way to lose is a late scandal or a replacement of the GOP nominee, but C2 would still follow the replacement.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary fails only if the 2026 national environment is a strong anti-Republican wave that reaches deep-red farm states. In those same worlds Democrats and allied independents would overperform elsewhere. They would likely take the House, and could reach a Senate majority by flipping seats such as North Carolina and Maine and becoming competitive in Iowa, Ohio, Texas and Alaska. The mechanism is shared: one national swing, made worse by tariff damage to agriculture and by backlash over health-care cuts. That swing moves correlated federal races together, so contracts on Democratic House or Senate control and on Democratic wins in other red and purple Senate races pay off in the worlds where Ricketts loses.", "search_terms": ["senate control", "house control", "iowa senate", "north carolina senate", "maine senate", "ohio senate", "texas senate", "dan osborn"], "recalls_outcome": false}