{"primary": {"thesis": "As of mid-August 2026, the AfD is the clear first-placed party in both eastern states. In Sachsen-Anhalt it polls around the high 30s against a CDU in the mid-to-high 20s. In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern it polls in the mid-to-high 30s against an SPD around 20 and a smaller CDU. With leads that large, a state parliament's seat count follows the vote-share order, so the AfD has the most seats in both. Berlin is a fragmented city-state where the CDU leads and the AfD sits in a crowded middle group with Linke, Greens and SPD, around 14-17% each. There the AfD's vote ceiling is low: west Berlin and the inner-city districts cap it. So the most likely result is exactly 2.", "basket": [{"contract": "C3", "side": "YES", "reason": "Large AfD leads in Sachsen-Anhalt and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern plus no path to first place in Berlin gives exactly 2."}, {"contract": "C4", "side": "NO", "reason": "Winning Berlin would need the AfD to jump roughly 8+ points past a CDU that leads and to beat Linke's strength in the inner city. The city's electorate structurally rules that out."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "For the answer to be 1, the AfD's double-digit lead would have to collapse in one eastern state. Polling in both states has been stable for a long time, which makes that unlikely."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The main way this loses is a late tactical rally of anti-AfD voters behind whichever mainstream party is best placed in one eastern state. In Sachsen-Anhalt that means CDU voters consolidating behind Sven Schulze, the new CDU lead candidate. In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern it means an incumbency surge for Manuela Schwesig's SPD, like the 2021 result or Woidke's 2024 comeback in Brandenburg, where the SPD overtook an AfD that had led in the polls. Either one takes the AfD down to 1. The other way to lose is a large AfD overperformance in Berlin, where a very fragmented field lets it top the vote with around 20% and gives 3.", "hedge_thesis": "Most of the risk sits in the downside case: voters consolidate behind the established parties and incumbents to keep the populist right out. That same mechanism would show up as the populist right underperforming elsewhere in Europe and as German federal politics steadying. Merz's CDU-SPD coalition would regain polling ground and face less pressure to govern with the AfD or to split. Markets would then price lower German political risk, with tighter Bund spreads and a firmer euro and DAX, and French RN/Bardella polling would soften as the tactical 'front republicain' voting pattern repeats across countries. In the worlds where an eastern state is lost, these mainstream-resilience readings tend to hold too.", "search_terms": ["cdu", "merz", "bund", "dax", "euro", "rassemblement national", "bardella", "spd"], "recalls_outcome": false}