{"primary": {"thesis": "US kinetic action against Iran tends to come in bursts: a strike package, then retaliation and counter-strikes, then a pause for diplomacy, mediation by Gulf states or Oman, or political pressure at home. To lose, the US has to strike Iranian soil at least once every 13 days, with no break, for the whole window. That takes a sustained air campaign, which is politically and logistically expensive and has rarely been kept up against Iran. On July 29 the July 24 rung is still unresolved, so there was probably a recent strike, or the market is new. The longer rungs give time for one burst to end and a 14-day quiet stretch to finish. Air-launched or ship-launched strikes also have to actually hit Iranian land to count. Interceptions, action at sea, and threats do not reset the clock, so the bar for staying at war under these rules is high. I favor the later-dated rungs as YES.", "basket": [{"contract": "C4", "side": "YES", "reason": "The last strike only has to be on or before Aug 31. Five weeks from July 29 is plenty of time for any current burst to end, and the 14 days can finish after the end date."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "YES", "reason": "A pause starting by Aug 14 needs strikes to stop within about two weeks of July 29. That fits the usual pattern of strike, retaliation, pause, and matches the pressure toward talks after an escalation."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The US commits to a sustained air and missile campaign against Iranian land targets, for example after Iranian attacks on US forces, Gulf shipping, or Israel, or to degrade nuclear or missile sites step by step. Strikes that impact Iranian territory then keep landing less than 14 days apart from late July through mid-September. A weaker version still loses C3: sporadic follow-up strikes every 10 to 12 days, such as punitive strikes on drone and missile launch sites after each Iranian or proxy attack, keep resetting the clock past Aug 14 or Aug 31. Disputed attribution can also push resolution back, but only strikes confirmed as US-initiated and landing on Iran reset the count.", "hedge_thesis": "In the worlds where the basket loses, the US-Iran war is ongoing and escalating. The energy and security premium in the Gulf would then stay high. Iran's natural reply to repeated strikes on its territory is to threaten or disrupt traffic through the Strait of Hormuz, attack Gulf energy infrastructure, or harass tankers. That keeps Brent crude and tanker freight rates high, raises war-risk insurance premiums, and pushes money into gold and US defense contractors whose munitions are being used up and restocked. So a thesis of elevated oil prices, Hormuz disruption, and demand for defense and safe havens pays off exactly when a sustained US campaign stops a 14-day pause from forming.", "search_terms": ["brent", "hormuz", "tanker rates", "gold", "lockheed martin", "opec", "war risk insurance", "raytheon"], "recalls_outcome": false}