{"primary": {"thesis": "As of mid-February 2026 there is no scheduled Trump-Putin summit. The August 2025 Alaska meeting ended without a deal. The Budapest summit floated in October 2025 was called off because Moscow would not move off its maximalist terms. Since then the process has run through envoys: Witkoff and Kushner in Moscow, and US-Russia-Ukraine technical talks in Abu Dhabi and Geneva. Trump has said he will not meet Putin again unless a deal is essentially finished. Territory (Donbas withdrawal) and security guarantees are still unresolved, and Russia gains from a slow process while it advances on the ground. So the most likely way this resolves is that no leader-level meeting happens by June 30. If a summit does happen, it will be a signing event staged in a neutral venue, most likely Hungary (Other EU), a Gulf state or Turkey. It will not be Russia or the US: a Moscow visit is politically toxic for Trump before the midterms, and a second US-hosted summit is unlikely after Alaska produced nothing.", "basket": [{"contract": "C15", "side": "YES", "reason": "Talks are running through envoys, Trump's stated condition that a deal must be near-final before he meets Putin has not been met, and there are only about 4.5 months left."}, {"contract": "C7", "side": "NO", "reason": "Trump going to Moscow before a signed deal and before the midterms would be a huge domestic liability. Putin already had his reciprocal 'next time in Moscow' invitation, and Trump did not take it up."}, {"contract": "C12", "side": "NO", "reason": "Alaska already gave Putin a US venue and produced nothing. A signing event would more plausibly be held somewhere neutral and closer to Europe."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "China is a rival power and the wrong venue for a Ukraine deal. Trump's planned April 2026 visit to Beijing is bilateral with Xi and would not credibly bring Putin into the same room."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses mainly through C15. That happens if the Abu Dhabi and Geneva trilateral track produces a framework in spring 2026 covering a ceasefire along the line of contact, some Donbas arrangement, US-backed security guarantees and phased sanctions relief. Trump would then call a leaders' summit to sign it or announce it. The most likely venues are Budapest (Orban hosting before Hungary's April election), the UAE or Saudi Arabia (which hosted the envoy talks), or Istanbul. A meeting in any of those places sinks the C15 YES leg. The NO legs on Russia, the US and China would still pay unless the summit lands in one of those countries. A smaller risk is a surprise Trump trip to Moscow tied to a deal, which would sink both C15 and C7.", "hedge_thesis": "The hedge thesis is set in European and Russian markets and in energy. The worlds where the primary fails are the worlds where a Ukraine settlement becomes concrete enough to justify a leaders' summit. That same event would change prices elsewhere through several channels. Ukrainian sovereign and GDP-warrant bonds would rally as the odds of a ceasefire and reconstruction rise. European defense stocks (Rheinmetall, Saab and similar) would sell off as the war-premium narrative fades. Brent and diesel cracks would ease, and the Urals discount would narrow, on expectations of sanctions relief and less risk to Black Sea and refinery infrastructure. The ruble and Russia-exposed European names (Raiffeisen, UniCredit) would strengthen. Hungarian assets would get a boost if Budapest hosts. In the worlds where the primary holds, meaning talks stall and there is no meeting, those assets stay tied to a war premium. The hedge therefore pays in exactly the worlds where the summit basket loses.", "search_terms": ["ukraine bonds", "rheinmetall", "ruble", "brent", "ceasefire", "sanctions relief", "orban", "raiffeisen"], "recalls_outcome": false}