{"primary": {"thesis": "As of 2026-02-20, OpenAI's pattern since the August 2025 GPT-5 launch has been to ship frequent point releases (GPT-5.1, GPT-5.2, Codex variants) rather than a new major version. A model named GPT-6, or one clearly treated as the successor to GPT-5, needs a big new training run, and it has to come out of new compute (Stargate buildout) that is only now coming online. OpenAI also has a commercial reason to keep monetizing the GPT-5.x brand and to save the 'GPT-6' name for a step change that can be clearly shown. The gap from GPT-4 to GPT-5 was about 29 months. Altman has hinted the next gap will be shorter, but even half that puts GPT-6 in late 2026 or 2027. The March and June dates are almost certainly too early. Even September is aggressive, because anything shipped before then is more likely to be called GPT-5.5, which the rules exclude. I leave December open because it is a real coin-flip region and not what the thesis is about.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "Six weeks out, with no GPT-6 preview, system card or announced date. OpenAI usually signals a flagship ahead of launch, and 5.x releases fill the near-term cadence."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "That would be under 11 months after GPT-5. A shipment in this window would more likely be named GPT-5.5 or similar, which the rules say does not count."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "That would be about 13 months after GPT-5, under half the GPT-4 to GPT-5 gap. It would need the new Stargate-scale compute to be trained on and post-trained quickly. Possible, but less likely than a late-2026 or 2027 launch."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if OpenAI speeds up its naming and launch schedule. For example, Google's Gemini 3.x/4 or Anthropic's frontier releases clearly overtake GPT-5.x on benchmarks and in enterprise share. OpenAI, which needs a headline flagship for fundraising or IPO positioning and to defend consumer ChatGPT share, then calls its next large training run (on newly online Abilene/Stargate capacity) 'GPT-6' and ships it publicly by mid-2026 or by September. The same thing happens if OpenAI simply rebrands a big 5.x successor as GPT-6 for marketing, because the rules count any product explicitly named GPT-6.", "hedge_thesis": "The worlds where GPT-6 comes early are worlds with an intense frontier-model race and abundant compute. Frontier training capacity would be arriving faster than expected: Nvidia Blackwell/Rubin shipments, Oracle and Stargate data centers going live, and Microsoft/CoreWeave capacity. Competitors would also be shipping major versions fast, so Google would release Gemini 4-class models and Anthropic its next Claude generation ahead of schedule. The mechanism is that early flagship launches need both the supply side (GPUs and power online early) and the demand side (competitive pressure plus a capital-markets story such as an OpenAI funding round or IPO). So instruments that pay on accelerated AI capex, competitor major-version launches, or OpenAI capital-raising milestones would tend to pay in exactly the worlds where my NO basket loses.", "search_terms": ["nvidia", "gemini", "stargate", "oracle", "openai ipo", "anthropic", "coreweave"], "recalls_outcome": false}