{"primary": {"thesis": "The rules say a successor only counts if one is formally announced. An acting or interim pick does not count. Hiring a White House Press Secretary is usually slow and heavily reported in advance. Leaks about a replacement, then a departure date from Leavitt, then the official naming usually play out over weeks. Nothing given here shows that the process has started. The window is also very short: C1 ends today (Sept 30), C2 a week out and C3 two weeks out. The default is that Leavitt stays in the job. If she leaves, the likely next step is a deputy covering as acting press secretary, which the rules exclude. So all three rungs of the ladder should resolve NO. The nearer dates are the safest, and because the dates are nested, all three contracts carry one bet: no named successor before mid-October.", "basket": [{"contract": "C1", "side": "NO", "reason": "The deadline is today. A qualifying announcement would have to come within hours, and no process has started."}, {"contract": "C2", "side": "NO", "reason": "Seven days is too short for a departure to be leaked, confirmed and have a permanent successor named. An acting or interim fill would not count."}, {"contract": "C3", "side": "NO", "reason": "Fourteen days is still short. Before the midterm elections, the administration has reason to avoid disruption on the communications team."}]}, "failure_narrative": "The basket loses if a permanent successor is formally named by mid-October. The likely route is a planned exit for Leavitt: a family or maternity-related step back, a move to another role such as communications director or a campaign or political job, or a quiet split with the President. It would be announced alongside a successor already chosen, often an existing deputy or senior comms aide, such as Harrison Fields, Steven Cheung or Taylor Budowich. A post on Truth Social naming the new press secretary is enough, even if that person starts later. The basket also loses if a successor was already chosen before this date and the announcement is made quickly, or if a broader pre-midterm staff shake-up reshuffles several communications jobs in one announcement.", "hedge_thesis": "The primary fails in worlds where White House staff are turning over. A press secretary change rarely happens alone. It usually comes with, or follows, a wider reshuffle driven by the chief of staff or the West Wing. That could be preparation for the midterm elections or for a second-term reset, or staff moving to 2026 campaigns and outside groups. So in the same worlds, other senior departures become more likely: Chief of Staff Susie Wiles, the communications director, deputy chiefs, or cabinet-level exits. The mechanism is that one departure frees up jobs, people are moved from one role to another to fill them, and the administration prefers to announce the changes together. Instruments on senior White House or cabinet departures, such as 'will X leave by date', should therefore tend to resolve YES in exactly the worlds where this basket loses.", "search_terms": ["karoline leavitt", "susie wiles", "white house chief of staff", "steven cheung", "taylor budowich", "harrison fields", "cabinet departure"], "recalls_outcome": false}